What is your body frame like? (slim, medium, or sturdy)
It is medium and i am unathletic

What is your natural hair and eye color?
My hair is black in color and my eyes are black too

Do you have prominent features like a sharp nose or intense gaze?
I've been told that i have an intense gaze

How is your appetite? Do you eat irregularly?
My appetite is a bit irregular

Do you experience bloating, gas, or constipation frequently?
I do feel bloated sometime

Are you prone to heartburn or acidity?
Yes i get heartburn quite often

What is your sleep like? Are you a light or heavy sleeper?
I get 7 hours of sleep everyday

Do you have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep?
I don't have trouble falling or staying asleep

Do you wake up feeling refreshed or tired?
I wake up feeling a bit tired

Are your energy levels steady throughout the day, or do you have highs and lows?
They are consistent throughout the day but i do get tired at night

Are you prone to anxiety or nervousness?
I don't get nervous easily

How do you react to stress?
I stay calm and composed most of the times

Do you feel more comfortable in hot, cold, or moderate climates?
I dislike hot and humid climate

Do you prefer humid or dry environments?
I prefer dry environments

What type of physical activities do you enjoy?
I'm unathletic but i enjoy cricket

Do you tend to push yourself too hard or avoid exercise altogether?
I don't get much exercise

Do you prefer hot, spicy foods or cooler, milder foods?
I prefer cooler and milder foods

Are you drawn to sweet, salty, or bitter tastes?
I'm drawn to salty tastes

How is your tolerance for different types of foods?
I'm not good with spicy food

What is your skin type? (dry, oily, sensitive)
My skin is a combination of both oily and dry and it's prone to acne

Do you have a tendency to develop skin conditions?
Yes i get acne often

Describe your hair type and any scalp issues you may have.
I don't have any scalp issues, my hair is a bit dry and thin

How do you typically respond to stressful situations?
I stay calm and composed

Are you prone to anger, impatience, or worry?
I do get impatient sometime

What emotions do you feel most frequently?
Curiosity

Have you experienced any chronic health issues or imbalances in the past?
I haven't

Are there any health conditions that run in your family?
Diabetes but i don't have it

